Terms & Conditions (Version 14.08.19) 

1. Introduction 
The following Terms & Conditions (the “Terms”) apply to the membership with
Commons Stack Association (the “Association”). Commons Stack Association is
a Swiss association pursuant to Art. 60 ff. of the Swiss Civil Code. The purpose
of the Association is to design, to simulate and to build reference iterations
for novel types of ecosystems that create continuous funding that can be
collectively governed to support a common good (the “Project”). The end
product is the codebase for a functional prototype that can be deployed by
anyone and altered to the future needs of users. The members of the Association
use the structure of the Association to coordinate the Project iteration
including all stakeholders. The association does not pursue a commercial purpose
and does not strive for profit. 

2. Build Phase 
During the Build Phase, the Association will oversee the creation of modular
Smart Contract Systems (the “Iterations”) which altogether will compose the
Commons Stack. The Association will utilize rigorous systems engineering
processes to produce a series of iterations which can be used to deploy
purpose-driven tokens for the governance of a continuously funded DAO. The
design approach to these Smart Contract System modules is iterative, rigorous
and scientific, ensuring robust and scalable systems for use in the real-world.

The association is collecting membership fees and donations to fund the
development of the Commons Stack. Each member will receive CSTK Tokens which at
a later stage can be used by the Token Engineering Community to initiate a Smart
Contract System to boot-strap their own community out of the first iteration
that the Commons Stack Association produces. The CSTK Token neither embodies any
voting rights nor does it entitle the holder to the association's assets. Only
members that have passed KYC and AML procedures (described in Section 8) will
receive CSTK Tokens. These Tokens are not transferable as their purpose is to be
used by Smart Contract Systems as a trusted seed to initialize DAOs using the
Commons Stack Codebase. The CSTK Token does not represent a membership right in
the Association. It is neither a prerequisite nor a condition that Members must
have CSTK tokens, nor are CSTK Token holders automatically members. In addition
it is possible to donate to the Association, which does not entitle to receive
any CSTK Tokens. 
If the Association receives enough membership fees, they will build 5 iterations
of the Commons Stack Codebase, drastically improving the codebase with every
iteration. Each codebase can be used to deploy a completely decentralized Smart
Contract System that is independent of the Commons Stack Association. 

3. Live Phase 
After the codebase iterations are developed, each iteration can be used to
create decentralized autonomous organizations (“DAO”). The Live Phase begins
when an iteration is deployed by a community and is able to receive their chosen
reserve currency (e.g. DAI). This initial period after the deployment is defined
as the “Hatch Phase”. During the Hatch Phase, if the Community uses the
defaults set forth in the iteration’s codebase, all CSTK Token Holders
(Members) have the opportunity to send a reserve currency (e.g. DAI) to the DAO
at a rate of one unit of reserve currency for every CSTK Token they hold in
their address. This renewed payment is necessary in order to receive token of
the iteration. This Hatch Phase is designed by the Commons Stack Association but
the Commons Stack Association has no intention of launching any of the Live
Phases themselves. 
Multiplier - The amount of CSTK Tokens each member received is determined by how
much they paid in membership fees to the Commons Stack and when the payment
occurs. The amount of reserve currency (likely to be Dai or equivalent
stablecoin) that members are allowed to contribute to each deployed Iteration
(if the DAO uses the CSTK Token) is defined by the amount of CSTK Tokens each
member has in his possession. 
Any member that pays membership fees to the Commons Stack Association before the
Association receives the minimum funding goal for Iteration #1 will receive a
2.5x multiplier. As in, if there is a contribution of 10,000 DAI, the member
receives 25,000 CSTK Tokens. Any membership fee after that but before we reach
our funding goal for Iteration #2 will receive a 2x multiplier. As in, if there
is a membership fee of 10,000 DAI, the member receives 20,000 CSTK Tokens. Any
membership fee after that but before we reach our goal for Iteration #3 will
receive a 1.5x multiplier. As in, if there is a membership fee of 10,000 DAI,
the member receives 15,000 CSTK Tokens. Any membership fee after that but before
we reach our goal for Iteration #4 will receive a 1.25x multiplier. As in, if
there is a membership fee of 10,000 DAI, the member receives 12,500 CSTK Tokens.
And anyone who pays membership fees after that will receive CSTK Tokens at a 1
for 1 rate. As in, if there is a membership fee of 10,000 DAI, the member
receives 10,000 CSTK Tokens. 
Advisers and Commons Stack Core Team Members that contribute before August 23,
2019 will get a 3x multiplier. As in, if there is a membership fee of 10,000
DAI, the member receives 30,000 CSTK Tokens. 
Advisers and Commons Stack Core Team Members that contribute to the Commons
Stack Prelaunch Giveth Campaign, and have their funds used to full fill payments
for work done before the funding has met the minimum funding goal for iteration
1 will get a 4x multiplier. As in, if there is a contribution of 10,000 DAI, the
contributor will be awarded 40,000 CSTK Tokens. 
Each Advisor to the Commons Stack Association will receive 10,000 CSTK Tokens
for their work reviewing and advising on the design and execution of the Commons
Stack Codebase and funding goal. 
Members of the Association as well as the independent contractors that built the
Smart Contract Systems will be given access to participate in this Hatch Phase.
Others are not allowed to participate in this stage. CSTK Tokens are not
transferable and it is a violation of these terms of service to transfer them by
any means to other members or third parties. The Commons Stack Association has
the right to revoke membership and burn CSTK Tokens owned by any member if there
is any violation of these terms of service. 

4. Duration of the Build Phase 
The Build Phase shall end on or before September 2022. The Association reserves
the right to change the duration of the Build Phase for any reason, including
the unavailability of raising enough funds in order to develop the Smart
Contract Systems or any other unforeseen procedural or security issues. 

5. Membership rights 5.1 Voting rights 
Each individual member has one vote at the general assembly of the Association
(the “Individual Member”). 

5.2 Possibility to send tokens into a Token Bonding Curve during a Live Phase 
As stated in section 3, each CSTK Token holder has the possibility to send
tokens to the Smart Contract System during the Hatch Phase as a maximum the same
amount as they own CSTK Token. In return, for this renewed payment only they
shall receive ‘ABC’ Tokens. Members of the Association as well as the
parties that built the Smart Contract Systems will be given access to this Hatch
Phase. It is at the discretion of each DAO to use the Commons Stack Member
Tokens as a whitelist for the hatch phase. The members of the Association are
not entitled to receive Tokens without a renewed payment during the Live Phase.


5.3 Further rights 
The members of the Association shall have all rights, which the Art. 60 ff. of
the Swiss Civil Code provides. 

5.4 Publication on the Association’s website 
Each member has the right to be named as a Patron on the Association’s
website. Without your explicit consent, the Association will not publish your
name on the website. 

6. Membership obligation 
Each member has to pay the membership fee and follow these terms and conditions.
Members may be excluded by a decision by the Board if they do not fulfill the
financial obligations after two written reminders. Liability incurred by the
Association is limited exclusively to the Association's funds. Any personal
liability of its members is expressly excluded. 

7. Application & confirmation of membership 
Applications for membership must be addressed to the board of the Association.
The board decides on the admission of new members and informs the general
assembly about it. The membership is acquired by acceptance of the application
by the board and the payment of the membership fee. Furthermore, the acceptance
of the application is subject to a successful KYC and AML process. A rejection
does not have to be justified. 
As soon as the board accepts your application and the membership is paid, you
will receive an email with a confirmation about the membership. 

8. Registration and KYC/AML Policy 
As part of the application, in order to receive CSTK Tokens and also to
participate later in Hatch Phases, any new member will need to provide full
KYC/AML information and fulfill a registration process through the
Association’s website. The Association will not publish any identifying
information related to a member without the prior written consent of the member.
Members may be contacted by email by the Association regarding their membership.

New members have to investigate for themselves if they are eligible to
participate in the Association. The Association may at any time refund
contributions from any jurisdiction and delete the account and information
provided from a potential contributor. The Association has a strict KYC/AML
policy complying with international standards. Any suspicious transaction and
any suspicious facts related to members will be reported to the relevant
authorities without any further notice. 
A potential member not willing to participate in the KYC/AML process or a
potential member not accepted in the KYC/AML process will not be accepted as a
member of the Association. 

8.1 The KYC process is set up as follows: 
- If the amount you send times the current multiplier is less than 5’000 CHF
then we need your name, Ethereum address and residency - If the amount you send
times the current multiplier is between 5’000 and 15’000 CHF then you need
to submit a photo of your passport - If the amount you send times the current
multiplier is between 15’000 and 50’000 CHF then you need to take a photo of
your passport and submit proof of residency - If the amount you send times the
current multiplier is between 50’000 and 100’000 CHF then you need to take a
photo of your passport, a selfie with your ID and submit proof of residency 
- If the amount you send times the current multiplier is above 100’000 CHF
then you need to take a photo of your passport, a selfie with your ID and submit
proof of residency and have a video call with our team. 
We expressly reserve the right to change the above mentioned requirements at any
time without any further notice. 
We retain the right to reject membership applications for any reason, but if the
membership application is incomplete, or we believe the member has submitted
multiple applications, or the member is a resident of the USA, Iran, China
(residents only), Afghanistan, Cuba, Democratic People's Republic of Korea,
Ethiopia, Guyana, Irak, Iran, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syria, Trinidad and Tobago,
Vanuatu and Yemen, it is very likely that the membership will be denied. 

9. The membership fee is non-refundable Paying the membership fee is final and
the member has no right to ask for refund. 
The member acknowledges that neither the Association nor any related party of
the Association is required to provide a refund for any reason and that the
member will not receive money or other compensation back. 

10. Risks 
Becoming a member of the Association may offer an opportunity for playing an
active role during the Build Phase in the development of a new ecosystem and for
future capital gains in the Live Phase but also entail a high degree of business
and financial risks, including the possibility of a complete loss of the paid
fees. 

10.1 Financing 
The Association requires sufficient capital to establish its Project. The
Association intends to raise these funds through the membership fees. There are
no plans to raise loan capital from third parties. The amount of funds actually
raised through the membership fee is not known. Accordingly, there is the risk
of a capital shortfall of the Association and we could not pursue our
objectives. If the Association is unable to obtain financing, the Association
may be required to significantly delay or discontinue the Project. 

10.2 Smart Contract Systems 
The Association is, subject to general macro-economic developments such as
economic growth and inflation. Further, since the blockchain technology and the
related industry are still relatively new and under development, the related
economic developments are relatively uncertain. There is no guarantee that the
Association is able to build a fully functional iteration of the Smart Contract
System and therefore the Live Phase may not happen for any iteration. It is not
yet possible to predict the exact developments of the blockchain technology and
to guarantee its functionalities and further evolutions. 

10.3 Cryptocurrencies 
The value of cryptocurrencies is volatile and exposed to significant risks. The
members are allowed to pay their membership fees in cryptocurrencies. The value
of cryptocurrencies may change significantly (even on an intraday basis).
Accordingly, the Association may incur exchange rate losses. 

10.4 Regulatory risks & changes in the supervisory practice 
Blockchain technology is in an early stage and might undergo significant changes
and regulatory actions by the Swiss government or other authorities, which may
result in the illegality of certain transactions or the iteration of controls.
Technology relating to blockchain, including smart contracts and tokens, is
still at an early stage and best practices are still to be determined and
implemented. These technologies are likely to undergo significant changes in the
future. Technological advances in smart contracts, cryptography, code breaking
or quantum computing, etc. may pose a risk to its security. The functioning of a
blockchain relies on open-source software. Developers of such open-source
software may introduce weaknesses and programming errors into the open-source
software or may stop developing the open-source software (potentially at a
critical stage where a security update is required), exposing smart contracts
and tokens to weaknesses, programming errors and threats of fraud, theft, and
cyber-attacks. There is no central body (e.g. a government agency) overseeing
the development of technology relating to the blockchain technology and its
functioning, as well as further improvements of such functioning (e.g. ability
to increase the number of transactions, reduce processing time, reduce
transaction fees, implement security updates), relies on the collaboration and
consensus of various stakeholders, among others, developers enhancing the
open-source software related to smart contracts and cryptocurrencies or
so-called "miners" facilitating the processing of blockchain transactions. 
There is a risk that the existing legal regulations may be amended and/or new
legal regulations could be introduced by the government. Any forthcoming
regulatory actions may result in the illegality of certain blockchain
transactions or the iteration of controls relating to the trading (and therefore
liquidity) of certain or even all tokens recorded and traded on a blockchain.
Our intended Project may be restricted or could become impossible. 

11. Important Notice
The membership in the Association is not a security and gives no right to
dividend payments, interest payments, or participation in the liquidation
procedure. The membership fee is non-refundable and all raised funds belong to
the Association and the Association is not obliged to pay anything back to the
members. By becoming a member, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you
have carefully reviewed these Terms & Conditions and fully understand the risks,
costs, and benefits of the membership and agree to be bound by these Terms. 
You further represent and warrant that, to the extent permitted by law, you are
authorized to become a member of the Association in your relevant jurisdiction,
are of a legal age to be bound 
by these Terms & Conditions, and will not hold the Association, and the board
members, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers of the
Association, now or in the future liable for any losses or any special,
incidental or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected to
the membership in the Association. 
Becoming a member carries with it a number of risks. Prior to becoming a member
of the Association, you should carefully consider the risks listed here and, to
the extent necessary, consult an appropriate lawyer, accountant or tax
professional. If any of the following risks are unacceptable to you, you should
not become a member of the Association. 
This document is not a solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any
way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. Individuals, businesses,
and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits of
becoming a member of the Association. 

12. Miscellaneous 

12.1 Force Majeure 
Neither members nor the Association will be liable to the other for any failure
to fulfill obligations caused by circumstances outside its reasonable control. 

12.2 Third-party claims 
These terms will not create any right or cause of action for any third party,
including your affiliates. The Association will not be liable for any third
party claims against you, or your affiliates. 

12.3. Complete Agreement 
These Terms sets forth the entire understanding between each member and the
Association with respect to become a member of the association. 

12.4 Severability 
You and the Association agree that if any portion of these Terms & Conditions is
found illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of
invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability
thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining
provisions of the Terms & Conditions, which shall continue to be in full force
and effect. 

12.5 Applicable law & Dispute Resolution 
The Association is organized under Swiss law. Swiss material law is applicable.
All disputes, controversies or claims arising out of, relating to, or in
connection with the Terms, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by the
competent court of Zug. 

Commons Stack Association, Zug, Switzerland. © Copyright 2019 Commons Stack
Association. All Rights Reserved. 
